draft some missing objectives and key points (#74)
carpentries/trainer-training: episodes/10-Week_10_discussion_questions.md

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: objectives

> - Explain the importance of a Trainer's introduction to the success of Instructor Training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explain the importance of an Instructor Trainer's introduction to the success of Instructor Training.
```

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: keypoints

> - Although Trainers are considered experts in teaching within The Carpentries community, we need to keep practising our skills to build and maintain them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Although Instructor Trainers are considered experts in teaching within The Carpentries community, we need to keep practising our skills to build and maintain them.
```

> - Trainers are supported by other members of the Trainer community and The Carpentries Core Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Instructor Trainers are supported by each other and by The Carpentries Core Team.
```
